Here's a function weatherInterpreter,
that prints out a message when it's hot, or cold,
or in between, depending on the value of the parameter temperature,
which is an int variable in degree Celsius.
It prints out a hot message when the temperature is above 30 degrees Celsius,
which is about 85 degrees Fahrenheit.
And a cold message from when it's below five degrees Celsius,
which is about 40 degrees Fahrenheit.
Otherwise, it considers this neutral weather and prints out not too hot, not too cold.
What will this print out if we call weatherInterpreter with an argument value of
four and what will it print out if we change the argument value to 32?